Change wording (#77)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation: docs/gdevelop5/about_translations.md

---
# About translations

> Translations are written by volunteers. If you're a native speaker or fluent in another language, you are welcome to create an account on the documentation and translate existing English pages to your language.

Reviewer: There's something to change here. Either it's about the documentation and the account must be created on GitHub, either it's crowdin

> Translations are written by volunteers. If you're a native speaker or fluent in another language, you are welcome to create an account on the documentation and translate existing English pages to your language.
> 
> On any page in English, click on a language in the bottom to navigate to this page in this language. If the page is missing, you can create it.

Author: ```suggestion
Translations are written by volunteers. If you're a native speaker or fluent in another language, you are welcome to create an account on Github then submit a Pull Request on this repository to edit or create the pages related to your language. You will find out the [other languagues in this folder](https://github.com/GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation/tree/main/docs).
```

---
# About translations

Translations are written by volunteers. If you're a native speaker or fluent in another language, you are welcome to create an account on Github then submit a Pull Request on this repository to edit or create the pages related to your language. You will find out the [other languagues in this folder](https://github.com/GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation/tree/main/docs).

> In case of doubts or questions, contact *4ian* on [the forums](https://forum.gdevelop.io).

Author: ```suggestion
In case of doubts or questions, [open an issue here](https://github.com/GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation/issues), a staff member will get back to you.
```
